# fdi_and_obor
A repository for the code written for the paper "The Impact of the Belt and Road Initiative on Foreign Direct Investment from China and Other Countries". 

Abstract

This paper investigates the impact of the Belt and Road Initiative (BRI) on foreign direct investment (FDI) from both China and other countries, such as the United States, Japan, and India. We apply staggered difference-in-differences (DID) event-study estimations to a gravity model. The inclusion of the indirect effects of the BRI on FDI from countries other that China and the use of the staggered DID event-study model fill a gap in the existing literature. Our results using fixed effects at the country, year, and country-pair levels shows that BRI membership significantly affects FDI from China to the member country, being consistent with results from the existing literature. We also find a weaker positive effect of BRI membership on FDI from Japan using this specification, while finding no significant effect on FDI from the US or India. However, when host country-year and source country-year fixed effects are controlled for, we find no significant effect of the BRI membership on FDI from China, the US, or Japan. Because the host country-year fixed effects include the effect through infrastructure development, economic growth, changes in political institutions in the host country caused by the BRI, our results indicate that the positive effect of the BRI on FDI from China attributes to these three channels. However, a weaker or insignificant effect on FDI from other countries implies that a positive effect of the BRI through infrastructure development or economic growth is cancelled out by its negative effect through changes in political institutions. In addition, we find that the effect of the BRI on FDI from China, the US, and Japan is positive and significant for autocratic countries but not for democratic countries.
